plate: the personalized license plate combination requested.
review_reason_code: Reason code for the application being reviewed (see below for codes).
customer_meaning: Meaning of the plate provided by the applicant.
reviewer_comments: Comments from DMV reviewers.
status: Y means the plate was approved, N means it was denied
In plate combinations, a # character indicates a hand symbol, a $ character indicates the heart symbol, a + character indicates the plus symbol, and a & character indicates the star symbol.
Some records are missing reason codes, customer meanings, reviewer comments, and/or statuses.
A reviewer comment of "No micro" indicates that a paper application was submitted but was unavailable in the DMV's imaging system.
In a few cases the reason code is some other character or word besides Y or N, possibly a typo.

Review reason codes are described as follows:
7(B) When a desired configuration is not available, a letter shall not be substituted for a number, nor shall a number be substituted for a letter, to create another configuration of a similar appearance.
7(D) The department shall refuse any configuration that may carry connotations offensive to good taste and decency, or which would be misleading, based on criteria which includes, but is not limited to, the following:
    1. The configuration has a sexual connotation or is a term of lust or depravity.
    2. The configuration is a vulgar term; a term of contempt, prejudice, or hostility; an insulting or degrading term; a racially degrading term; or an ethnically degrading term.
    3. The configuration is a swear word or term considered profane, obscene, or repulsive.
    4. The configuration has a negative connotation to a specific group.
    5. The configuration misrepresents a law enforcement entity.
    6. The configuration has been deleted from regular series license plates.
    7. The configuration is a foreign or slang word or term, or is a phonetic spelling or mirror image of a word or term falling into the categories described in subdivisions 1. through 6. above.